app/vmui: improve stream context modal (#1439)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs: docs/victorialogs/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): remove the `Date format` setting and always display timestamps with nanosecond precision. See [#1161](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1161).
* FEATURE: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): rename field `Query time` to `Hits query` on the Hits chart panel. The change makes it clear duration of which query is displayed.
* FEATURE: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): show older logs above and newer logs below the target log in the `Log context` modal.
* FEATURE: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): replace manual load controls with infinite scroll in the `Log context` modal.
* FEATURE: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): expand the `stream_context` `time_window` from `1m` to `7d` while loading context logs in the `Log context` modal. See [#1397](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1397).

> * FEATURE: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): warn and highlight logs with identical timestamps in the `Log context` modal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): improve `Log context` window user experience:
  * change sorting from older (top) to newer (bottom) log entries to make the experience similar to browsing logs in the shell;
  * replace manual load newer/older controls with an infinite scroll. The scroll will automatically search for logs before or after gradually extending the search window for up to 7d. See [#1397](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1397).
  * display warning if there are logs with identical timestamps, as their sorting order can't be guaranteed. Such logs will be additionally highlighted in the list.
```
